[DOC]Add err_cmd docs and example (#4289)
pachyderm/pachyderm: examples/err_cmd/README.md

directory:

```bash
$ pachctl create pipeline -f error_test.json
```

Verify that the pipeline was successfully created:

```bash
$ pachctl list pipeline
NAME       VERSION INPUT    CREATED       STATE / LAST JOB
error_test 1       input:/* 5 seconds ago running / starting
```

## Add Files to the Input Repository

Now, let's add some files to the input repository to watch how your pipeline
code and error code work.

You will add three files, `file1`, `file2`, and `file3`, that each contains one
line in them.

1. Add `file1`:

   ```bash
   $ echo "foo" | pachctl put file input@master:file1
   ```

   When you add `file1`, your pipeline should succeed:

   ```bash
   $ pachctl list job --no-pager
   ID                               PIPELINE   STARTED        DURATION           RESTART PROGRESS  DL UL STATE
   c8860dae5a054ec38a33068f75fe9690 error_test 13 seconds ago Less than a second 0       1 + 0 / 1 4B 4B success
   ```

   As you can see in the `PROGRESS` column – `1 + 0 / 1`, you have one
   successfully processed datum.

1. Add `file2`:

   ```bash
   $ echo "bar" | pachctl put file input@master:file2
   ```

>    Processing of this datum will succeed as well, but the datum will be marked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Processing of this datum will fail, but the err_cmd was successful so the datum is "recovers an the job as a whole is still successful with only `file1` being available in the output commit.
```

   as *recovered* because it does not contain `file1` as per our pipeline code:

   ```bash
   $ pachctl list job --no-pager
   ID                               PIPELINE   STARTED       DURATION           RESTART PROGRESS      DL UL STATE
   bc3da288ff884d5a9bcb312dd6cf07cb error_test 3 seconds ago Less than a second 0       0 + 1 + 1 / 2 0B 0B success
   c8860dae5a054ec38a33068f75fe9690 error_test 3 minutes ago Less than a second 0       1 + 0 / 1     4B 4B success
   ```

   In the `PROGRESS` column, you can see that the last job did not have
   any successfully processed datums, but it had a skipped datum and a
   recovered datum – `0 + 1 + 1 / 2`.

1. Add `file3`:

   ```bash
   $ echo "baz" | pachctl put file input@master:file3
   ```

>    Because the processed datum does not have nor `file1`, neither

Reviewer: incorrect usage of `nor`

Reviewer: Because the processed datum has neither `file1 ` nor `file2, the third datum fails and therefore the entire job fails.

   `file2`, this job results in failure. Therefore, both `cmd`
   and `err_cmd` codes result in non-zero status:

   ID                               PIPELINE   STARTED        DURATION           RESTART PROGRESS      DL UL STATE
   272370ec03c24cc1be660bf97403712f error_test 26 seconds ago Less than a second 0       0 + 2 / 3     0B 0B failure: failed to process datum:...
   bc3da288ff884d5a9bcb312dd6cf07cb error_test 6 minutes ago  Less than a second 0       0 + 1 + 1 / 2 0B 0B success
   c8860dae5a054ec38a33068f75fe9690 error_test 10 minutes ago Less than a second 0       1 + 0 / 1     4B 4B success

>    In the last pipeline run, you can see that two datums were skipped.

Reviewer: Remove this sentence. This is a bug that adele is fixing. We are not supposed to skip recovered datums, we are supposed to retry them.
